Reviewing some texts and adding error treatment step (#56)
indigotech/taq-github-bot: src/data/local/github/tracks-node/track-3/steps/step-2.md

**NOTE:** One of the required data to create a user is the password. You should have read or heard already that storing users password as plain text in the database is a bad idea. If not, you're reading now: it **is** a bad idea 🤦‍. The minimum security we should have on this case is to use a hash algorithm to store the password. This is not a 100% secure method, but it helps already. Interested in this security matter? Check [this post](https://itnext.io/how-not-to-store-passwords-4955569e6e84) for additional details. Since this is only an onboard server, you don't need to have a ultra-master-blaster security method. Our main goal here is to show you some levels of security and prevent you from beginning your projects with an ultra-master-blaster insecure method.

After creating an user, you should implement your mutation as follows:

1. Get the input e-mail received on the mutation and try to find one on database.

> 1. Check if the given password is correct. Remember that, in order to comapre them properly, the input password should be submitted to the same process of transformation that the ones stored on Database, right?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check if the given password is correct. Remember that, in order to compare them properly, the input password should be submitted to the same process of transformation (i.e. sha-256)  that the ones stored on Database, right?
```

> 1. Check if the given password is correct. Remember that, in order to comapre them properly, the input password should be submitted to the same process of transformation that the ones stored on Database, right?

Reviewer 2: typo no comapre (primeira linha)

> 1. If e-mail exists on db and the password is right, return the user info and a token. For now, the token can be only an empty string. You're going to implement it on next step.

Reviewer 2: ` If e-mail exists on db and the password is right` -> `If the e-mail can be found on the database and the password is valid` ?
se nao curtir blz, só acho justo nao abreviar db haha
